{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9820\viewh10100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Victory Conditions  \
1-1. A player is defeated if they receive battle damage while having no cards in their shield area.  \
1-2. A player is defeated if they have no cards remaining in their deck.  \
\
2. Materials Needed  \
2-1. You must have the following to play:  \
2-1-1. A 50-card main deck  \
2-1-2. A 10-card resource deck  \
2-1-3. Token cards  \
2-1-4. Damage counters (e.g., dice)  \
\
2-2. Deck construction rules:  \
2-2-1. Main deck must contain exactly 50 cards.  \
2-2-2. No more than 2 colors in a deck.  \
2-2-3. Up to 4 copies of a card with the same number are allowed.  \
\
3. Card Types  \
3-1. Unit Cards  \
3-1-1. Placed in the Battle Area.  \
3-1-2. Max 6 Unit cards can be in play.  \
3-1-3. Cannot attack the turn they are played unless they form a Link Unit.  \
\
3-2. Pilot Cards  \
3-2-1. Placed beneath a Unit.  \
3-2-2. One Pilot per Unit.  \
3-2-3. Provide AP, HP, and abilities to the Unit.  \
3-2-4. A pilot can pair with any unit.\
\
3-3. Command Cards  \
3-3-1. Played once and then discarded.  \
3-3-2. Some can be used during the opponent\'92s phase.  \
3-3-3. Some act like Pilots under certain conditions.  \
\
3-4. Base Cards  \
3-4-1. Placed in the Base Area.  \
3-4-2. Only one may be in play.  \
3-4-3. You begin the game with an EX Base.  \
\
4. Zones on the Playsheet  \
4-1. Deck Area \'96 where your main deck is placed.  \
4-2. Resource Deck Area \'96 where the resource deck is kept.  \
4-3. Shield Area \'96 where 6 face-down cards go at game start.  \
4-4. Resource Area  \
4-4-1. Cards are played and rested here to pay costs.  \
4-4-2. Second player starts with 1 EX Resource.  \
4-4-3. Max of 5 EX Resources.  \
4-5. Battle Area \'96 where Units and Pilots are played (max 6 Units).  \
4-6. Base Area \'96 only one Base is allowed.  \
4-7. Trash \'96 used for discarded cards.  \
\
5. Playing Cards  \
5-1. Rest Resources equal to the card\'92s level to play it.  \
5-2. Example: If you have 4 resources, you can rest 2 to play a Lv\'962 card.  \
\
6. Turn Structure  \
6-1. Start Phase \'96 ready all cards.  \
6-2. Draw Phase \'96 draw one card from your deck.  \
6-3. Resource Phase \'96 draw one card from your resource deck into the resource area.  \
6-4. Main Phase \'96 play cards, activate effects, attack.  \
6-5. End Phase \'96 pass to opponent.  \
\
7. Game Formats  \
7-1. Multiplayer formats include:  \
7-1-1. Team Battles  \
7-1-2. Battle Royale  \
7-1-3. Sealed Deck (build-on-site)\
}